{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh22200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
WARNING: You will need to know how to handle certificates and provision profiles, which is outside the scope of this document.\
\
General Prerequisites\
\uc0\u9679  Java SDK 8 \'ad\'ad 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html"}}{\fldrslt http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/index.html}}\
\uc0\u9679  Android SDK \'ad\'ad 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html#mac-tools"}}{\fldrslt http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html#mac-tools}}\
\uc0\u9679  Xcode Tools  	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://itunes.apple.com/en/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12"}}{\fldrslt https://itunes.apple.com/en/app/xcode/id497799835}}\
\
iOS App Publishing\
1. To distribute apps through the Apple App Store, you need to Enroll in the Apple Developer Program\
  a. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/programs/enroll/"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/programs/enroll/}}\
  b. This is not required to download tools, build, and test on phone before App Store Submission\
2a. Install Xcode Command\'adLine Tools (stand\'adalone) or 2b\
  a. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/downloads/}}\
  b. Login to developer account\
  c. Search for \'93command line tools\'94 and select the newest version that matches your OS X version \
2b. Install Xcode from App Store or 2c\
  a. Search for Xcode and install\
2c. Use terminal to to run \'93xcode-select --install\'94\
3. Install sigh tool\
  a. Use terminal to to run \'93sudo gem install sigh\'94 (this requires command line tools)\
5. Install Scripture App Builder\
6. Run SAB and set Android SDK Location in Setting\
7. Run Android SDK Manager to install packages (just like Windows)\
8. Download Apple Worldwide Developer Relations Certification Authority\
  a. Download {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/certificationauthority/AppleWWDRCA.cer"}}{\fldrslt https://developer.apple.com/certificationauthority/AppleWWDRCA.cer}}\
  b. Double\'ad click in Finder to install into Keychain Access 9. Install signing certificate (p12 file)\
10. Download mobile provision files\
  a. Create directory to download files (e.g. ~/Documents/<some directory>)\
  b. Use terminal to to run \'93sigh download_all\'94 (enter Apple ID Username & Password at prompts)\
11. Open SAB\
12. Got to Signing (iOS) tab for project\
13. Select Identity and Provisioning Profile\
14. Click on Build iOS App (and carefully look at output)\
15. Output IPA is in ~/App\\ Builder/Scripture\\ Apps/Ipa\\ Output/\
\
